# cnatanga
In order:
  1. The first project is stock price prediction for a target company using closing stock prices for 10 oil and gas companies. The model used for this predictive analysis is an optimized kernel ridge regression model.
  2. The second project is a classification task using support vector machines, on an air quality data set. This classification is based on the CO content in the air.
  3. The third project is a simple feed forward multi layer perceptron thoroughly built from scratch and used to for prediction analysis. The inbuilt tensorflow/keras model is not used in this case.
  4. The fourth project is slightly more complex feed worward multi layer perceptron built using the inbuilt tensorflow-keras model. This model is used for classification of an air quality data set. Investigations are made on the model to determine how various hyperparameters affect the tuning of the model to produce an optimized model for the prediction analysis.
  5. The fifth project is a prediction task utilizing convolutional neural networks to predict stock price of a target company by looking at 10 oil and gas company stock prices at close. The model is monitoring these prices 5 days behind to produce the closing stock price of target company one day ahead. 
  6. The sixth project is a closing stock price prediction task for the S&P 500 company, using tensorflow.keras. The model built looks at the company's data 20 days back, and uses that to predict its closing stock price a day ahead. The project also investigates how neuron each activity impacts the predictions, and different ranges in each hyperprarameter affects the tuning of the model.
